[Music]
the logic behind the creation of x3 has
to do with the fact that you are seven
times stronger than you know you are and
that's based on biomechanics and
variable resistance so let me show you
right here you're seven times stronger
than you are right here and the curve is
not linear in the middle
therefore we change the weight with x3
so that we hold a lighter weight back
here where the joints are compromised
and more likely to injure and we hold a
very powerful weight out here where you
are capable of producing that force this
means that you get a much deeper level
of fatigue and with that deeper level of
fatigue comes a more aggressive rate of
growth people can put on 20 pounds of
muscle in six months we've seen that
with many of the tens of thousands of
users the problem with lifting regular
weights is we don't get that Sevenfold
stimulus the possibility of triggering
more growth by handling force
appropriate to the range of motion range
so for example when you're lifting a
regular weight you pick the weight that
you can handle back here in your weakest
position so when you're in your
strongest position you're hardly using
any muscle at all and that's when the
most muscle is capable of firing so
you're really only training your weakest
position which doesn't mean it doesn't
translate into strengthen the stronger
range of motion but it does mean you're
firing the least amount of tissue
possible and taking the least amount of
tissue to fatigue in that experience now
there are some companies that are kind
of trying to draft off of our success by
selling just bands by themselves the
problem is you have two choices you have
a very lightweight band which is kind of
like a rehab type of weight 20 pounds or
something like that that's not going to
stimulate any growth
this this part when I when I do a chest
press with this bar I'm over 500 pounds
at peak 540 actually so when somebody
trains it just bands are either going to
light or if they try and use it heavier
set of bands this happens because the
band wants to be a circle it doesn't
have the bar to conform to a straight
line which we interface with straight
and flat very well there's also a ground
plate that you stand on with x3 that
creates a ground so if you're doing a
deadlift or a squat your ankles are not
bending inward ask a football player of
the ankle likes lateral force it doesn't
so we cancel all that out with the bar
and the plate so that joints are
straight they're always comfortable and
you can produce the proper levels of
force with x3 to trigger that aggressive
level of growth you want to learn
anymore please read the science page on
the website